Goal: Make a minimum viable product (MPV) for a simple game in one-hour increments up to 24 hours of development.

More specific description of end prototype: a typing game which receives player name as input, displays player name, displays score, keeps time, responds to incorrect and correct typed letters, trains individual letter typing, provides multiple game levels, has a basic and pleasing visual design (consider using backgrounds and stacking them in CSS), plays sounds to enhance the game, and gives basic stats after each level

Strategy

First 20 hours: focus on functionality, build features through to cohesive end
Last 4 hours: focus on styling, storyboarding, visual design, polishing functionality, sounds, user feedback within scope, etc.

User stories

As a player, I want to earn points so that I can see my progress
As a player, I want to learn to type in a gamified way so that I can enjoy learning
As a player, I want to avoid bright screens so that I can rest my eyes

Features
A score tally which updates with letters correctly typed
A typing game with letters which appear and then disappear when typed. They appear one at a time on the screen, large, in the center. 
A small penalty for typing wrong letters
Dark color palette
Default focus the name input field upon showing welcome popup
A separate, invisible timer with finer interval for checking if beat level
Numbered levels with automated number updates on advancement
Screen asking for user input on time limits, point targets, etc.
Stats at level completion
Make mode for learners that is like story mode, without penalty and timer. Use progress bar only. Other mode can have more pressure.
Add a delay to the generate popup function so the user notices the change
Prevent points total from exceeding the level target
Disable typing once point target has been reached
Animate the popup generation
Remove default vertical padding from page (visible when space bar pressed)
Attractive visual layout of elements
Ability to choose to skip levels
Inclusion of punctuation marks and space bar
Gradual fade in of new letters
Disable typing after level complete screen 1. by adding && if(currentScore!==currentTarget) to incorrectType() OR 2. by finding how the typingDisabled flag is set to false after the levelCompletePopup is closed, if indeed it is…
Explosion animation when letter correctly typed
Sounds to accompany correct, incorrect key presses
Sound for end of round(victory), loading(magic)
Levels
Popup element template which can be used between levels, for rewards, etc.
An "X" icon which closes the popup when clicked
Reset game automatically after closing "Try again" popup
Popup close on Esc press
Welcome screen
prompt to enter name, 
typing disabled during name entry
name is then displayed in data section of page
Blur effect for rest of window when popup appears
Congratulations popup with victory sound, reset screen after close
Disable typing and timer and points while popup is shown
Time up popup
Target number of points to complete level
Progress bar to end of level
Rearrange elements and style pleasingly
Limit characters in name input
Timer, score as many points as possible by end of time limit. It should start counting down only when the first key is correctly pressed.
Stats screen at end of level with time and number of mistakes
Make favicon for tab
Flowchart for functionality
Refactoring arrays into objects with properties for time limits, point targets, and other changeable properties
Congratulations message after reaching end of level
Advancing from single letters to whole words, then to texts
Cursor or highlight which follows typed characters
Custom fonts fetched using public APIs
Some sort of fun theme…whale? falcon? each level new animal? Earn badges? Add new companions? Sounds reflective of each animal for key presses. Animal Whisperer as title or similar. Or bubble theme, penguin? Or detective solving a mystery (could have a fun story to motivate, clues to collect, story revealed through text typed). ToucanType.
Keyboard graphic showing where to place fingers
Use design bid site to get inspiration, or design it yourself
Parallax
HTML canvas
Polly the Parakeyt, etc., with pixel-art open-source or freely usable AI image gens
Animations in and out between levels
Parceled for distribution, operational when downloaded from GitHub
Add Start button to popup which is linked to ENTER
add loading icon
add "please type your name" if nothing has been entered and ENTER or Start clicked
Replace divs with more specific element types



